One of the lesser-known but most fascinating operating systems out there is the Linux family of operating systems. The Linux core (called a 
"kernel") was created by Linus Torvalds in 1991. Torvalds released his OS kernel as "free and open-source software" (or FOSS), which means 
that Linux is free to use and free to modify and make into your own operating system. There are countless Linux distributions, ("distros" for 
short), which are entire operating systems created from the Linux kernel. Some of the most famous Linux distros are Fedora, Debian, 
Ubuntu, Linux Mint, and Slackware. Some of these distros are even based off of each other! For example, Linux Mint is based off of Ubuntu, 
which, in turn, is based off of Debian. The Linux project is run by the community, rather than one massive corporation like Microsoft or 
Apple. It's free and open-source code base makes it extremely popular for supercomputers and internet servers. In fact, Linux is now used in 
ALL of the top 500 supercomputers in the world and in the vast majority of the world's servers. Linux makes for a very fascinating study, 
and one single page on this topic harldy does it justice. I strongly encourage you to do more research into Linux, especially if you are 
looking to get a job in computer science!

(Fun fact: Android, the operating system running an the vast majority of today's smartphones, is actually a Linux distribution. That makes 
Linux the most popular operating system overall!)

Pros:

The most obvious advantage of Linux is that it's FREE. You don't even have to pay a penny for many of the most popular distributions. It's 
also a very fast and reliable system. Many programmers say that it's even faster than Mac OS! The open source design of Linux also means 
that you can do whatever you want with your OS, and you don't need to worry about a big corporation like Microsoft or Apple restricting 
what you can do with your software. This customizable nature means that you have many different distros to choose from, so you can pick 
the one that best suits your needs. Finally, since Linux is so low in the market share of personal computers, it very rarely gets attacked by 
viruses and other malware. For these reasons and more, Linux is the operating system of choice for many computer programmers!

Cons:

Linux is for everyone, however. The biggest problem with Linux is its learning curve. Compared to Windows and Mac, Linux is significantly 
more difficult to use. The problem is that Linux doesn't usually use a Graphical User Interface (GUI) and instead relies on a command-line. 
And if you don't know to code in the OS's language, it is not a very appealing operating system. There are some distributions, like Ubuntu 
or Linux Mint, that feature a GUI and are easier to use than others, but with any Linux distro, you will need some computer know-how to 
operate the system properly. Also, since Linux is so sparsely used in today's consumer market, almost no software is made for it. There are 
programs you can use to convert Windows software to Linux, but the performace of the software will never quite be as good on Linux as it 
would be on Windows, simply because that's the system it's designed for.

Linux can be tricky, but learning it can be a very helpful tool if you're going into the world of programming. If you want to learn Linux, you 
can buy a super-cheap Linux-run computer called a Raspberry Pi, which is designed for the purpose of teaching people how to code. Not 
only can you learn Linux commands on a Raspberry Pi, but you can also learn other popular computer languages like Python. If you want to 
learn how to program, getting a Raspberry Pi can be money well-spent!

You can buy a Raspberry Pi computer here: