Mac OS is the operating system used in Apple computers (called Macintoshes), and is a popular alternative to Windows, for users who don't 
want to live with Windows's shortcomings. The original Mac OS was introduced in 1984 by Steve Jobs, CEO of Apple Inc. Apple is often 
credited with inventing the Graphical User Interface (GUI), but there is some dispute over this matter. In 2001, the tenth edition of Mac OS 
(Called "OS X") used a new core (or "kernel") that is based on an old but popular OS called "Unix", and have continued using this design to 
the present day. Mac OS carries about 9% of the OS market share. That may seem small, but when you consider Windows's near 90% market 
share, it seems a little less underwhelming. Apple is still considered one of the most sucessful and influential computer companies in the 
world, even after Jobs's death in 2011. (Fun fact: The operating system used on Apple's iPhones, called "iOS" is based on the Mac system)

Pros:

Users of Mac computers are often proud to say that their computers work much faster and more reliably than Windows computers, mostly 
due to the Unix code base, which doesn't utilize a registry. Also, since Mac OS is not nearly as popular as Windows, it is much more resistant 
to viruses and other malware. Mac computers also tend to be very easy to use, and the learning curve for people coming from Windows is 
often not very difficult. (Many people feel that once you learn it, Mac OS is even easier to use than Windows!) Apple also oversees the 
manufacturing of all the hardware of their products, so that the software and hardware work in perfect harmony. And, since Mac computers 
are also generally thought of as better than other computers, there is a strong level of prestige associated with owning a Mac computer.

Cons:

Despite what die-hard Apple fans will tell you, Mac OS isn't necessarily the best OS out there. As most applications are designed to work with 
Windows, it is usually necessary for Apple users to have a Windows computer in addition to their Mac. Apple does provide some special 
applications specially designed for Mac OS, and many of these apps work very well, but they, along with many file formats used in Mac OS, 
are incompatible with other operating systems. In fact, this is a common complaint with Apple; they force you to use only their products, 
their software, and their repair stores. This makes many people feel restricted about what they can do with their computer, or they feel they 
can't fix anything themselves. This makes Mac OS less appealing for some. Perhaps the biggest drawback about Mac computers is the price 
they command. To get the level of prestige associated with the Apple name, you usually have to pay top dollar. While a good Windows PC 
will usually cost you only a few hundred dollars, Macs can cost several thousand dollars!