Pretty much everyone who uses computers is familiar with the most popular consumer-oriented operating system out there: Microsoft 
Windows. Windows was introduced by Bill Gates, CEO of the Microsoft company, in 1985. The original version, Windows 1.0, was not 
well-received, but as time wore on and new versions were introduced, people accepted it more and more until it was used in almost 90%
of all desktop and laptop computers worldwide. Therefore, it's safe to assume that you're probably viewing this website on a Windows 
computer right now! It was Windows that led to Bill Gates becoming the richest man in the world: a title he held until 2017.

Pros:

Obviously, Windows's biggest pro is that it's SO popular! Almost all applications are designed to work for Windows, and for that reason 
alone, it's huge market dominance will probably continue for the forseeable future. Also, Windows is a very easy OS to use: You just point 
your mouse at whatever you want to open, click, and you're there! This is another reason it's so popular; there's practially ZERO learning
curve required. Finally, it's automatically installed on practically every computer made today, meaning you don't have to pay for your OS!

Cons:

Just because something is popular doesn't mean it's the best. Windows is notorious for certain problems, sometimes to the point that many 
computer aficionados hate Windows and refuse to use it. One of the reasons most often cited for why people hate Windows is the slow 
speed. This is because of the way Windows is designed. It contains something called a "registry" that gets cluttered up over time, and that 
slows your computer down. Another major problem with Windows is security. Having everything designed around your operating system 
may be neat, but that means most viruses and other malware is designed for your OS, too. This means that Windows is the most vunerable of
the operating systems discussed here to bad software and hackers. Microsoft does offer updates for additional protection, but these updates
require the computer to reboot and can be time-consuming.